#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accelerate==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
apscheduler==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
audioread==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google
bitsandbytes==0.42.0
    # via -r requirements.in
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
datasets==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.163.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-telegram-bot
huggingface-hub==0.29.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
librosa==0.10.2.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
numba==0.61.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   librosa
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   soxr
    #   transformers
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   black
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   pooch
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   pooch
pooch==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-telegram-bot==21.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pooch
    #   transformers
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
telegram==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
torch==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   torchaudio
torchaudio==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
transformers==4.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apscheduler
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
wheel==0.45.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
